Information for Method: METHODNAME

General:
  name: Name of the Method
  description: Description of the Method
  developer: Developer of the Method
  affiliation: Affiliation of the developer
  email: Contact email of the developer
  author: authors of a corresponding paper
  website: link to a project website or similar (optional)
  DOI: DOI of a corresponding paper (optional)
  type: type of method (e.g. binarization, segmentation, ocr, etc.)
  license: license of the method (e.g. LGPLv2, MIT, etc.)

Inputs:
  Description of each parameter that is needed. Provide them in order as they are expected by the command line executable. The following options are possible

  file:
    name: name of the file parameter
    descriptions: description of the file parameter
    options:
      required: true/false whether or not the parameter is strictly required
      mimeTypes
        allowed: comma separated list of all mimeTypes that are ok for this Inputs
        default: default mimeType that should be used for testing
  
  folder:
    name: name of the folder parameter
    description: description of the folder parameter
    option:
      required: true/false
  number:
    name: name of the number parameter
    description: description of the number parameter
    options:
      required: true/false
      min: minimum value allowed (optional)
      max: maximum value allowed (optional)
      steps: allowed step size between min and max (optional)
      default: default value of the parameter
    
  select:
    name: name of the select parameter
    description: description of the select parameter
    options:
      required: true/false
      values: comma seperated list of possible values
      default: default value from the above list
  
  outputfolder:
    No more information needed, serves as a placeholder for providing the output directory to the method

outputs:
  Description of each output that is generated by the method. The following options are possible

  file:
    name: name of the output file (NOT the filename! This just serves as an identifier on DIVAServices)
    type: type of the output (e.g. image, csv, xml, etc.)
    description: Description of the output file
    options:
      visualization: true/false indicating whether this file can serve as visualization of this method
      filename: Exact filename of the generated file (optional)
      colorspace: [color, binary, grayscale] (optional, if type == "image")
      mimeTypes:
        allowed: comma separated list of mimeTypes this output could produce
        default: default mimeType
    
  folder:
    name: name of a folder that is generated inside the outputfolder. DIVAServices will automatically fetch all files inside this folder and provide them.

method:
  imageName: The name of the docker image (e.g. divaservices/ocropus_pageseg)
  testData: Zip file containing all test files as described in the How to
  executable_path: path to the executable inside the docker image (as full path, e.g. /input/ocropageseg.sh)
      
    